>> Jen Kramer: The next thing we're
gonna move on to is how to use Flexbox
correctly, so now that we hacked it.
We're going to go on to our image gallery,
and
I'm actually gonna let you
guys run this one on your own.
So,
>> Jen Kramer: I'm gonna go ahead and
open this page in the web browser.
So once again, we have a prototype here.
So this is a whole series of
pictures of pies and captions.
Isn't that lovely?
And the pies go on forever.
I think there is something
like 17 of these.
I've marked these up for you.
So the markup that I did is the following.
So it's just a bunch of pictures,
so that's an unordered list.
Within each of the list items, it's a
figure, because we have both an image and
a caption to go with it.
So there is our image and
then we have a figure caption that's
displaying along with that image.
So this is something that you
might get from a web server.
I’ve mentioned this a few times.
You might have some number of images
coming in for an image gallery, or
some number of little
blurby kind of things.
Coming in for press releases, or articles,
blog posts, whatever it happens to be.
Coming in from your database and you need
to display them here on the web page.
So here’s a whole bunch of these.
So the goal of this now is I'd like
you to display this, and I'm gonna
show you the end state that I have here.
>> Jen Kramer: So
I want you to display this in
some way that makes sense to you.
This is one possibility where we
have a whole bunch of pictures, and
notice how they just sort of
shift around on the page,
depending on our width, and so forth.
This is the way Flexbox is
supposed to work, okay?
And it's kinda cool that
they're all different sizes,
I think,
I really like this particular effect.
If you don't like that effect,
there's a second possible answer to this,
>> Jen Kramer: And
I'll show you that as well.
>> Jen Kramer: Which is
we can fix this down to let's say
three images per row, like this, okay?
And, whoops, and we can do three
images per row, and then we can go to,
whatever, two images a row, and
then one image a row, okay?
So that's your hint,
that's what we're looking for, and you
know enough about Flexbox at this point.
That what I'd like for
you to do is to go ahead and
write one possible solution that's going
to lay out these pictures on the webpage.
It's obviously gonna loop or
loop these images over and over again, so
there's no grid structure to this, okay?
And there's not a whole
lot of CSS required.